docs: shared connection configuration page for managed auth (#361)
onkernel/docs: auth/configuration.mdx

    proxy={"id": one_off_proxy.id},
)
```
</CodeGroup>

## Record Sessions for Debugging

Set `record_session: true` to capture a [replay](/browsers/replays) of every browser session tied to the connection — initial logins, background health checks, and automatic re-authentications. The entire browser session is recorded.

<CodeGroup>
```typescript TypeScript
const auth = await kernel.auth.connections.create({
  domain: 'example.com',
  profile_name: 'my-profile',
  record_session: true,
});
```

```python Python
auth = await kernel.auth.connections.create(
    domain="example.com",
    profile_name="my-profile",
    record_session=True,
)
```
</CodeGroup>

You can also override the connection default for a single login by passing `record_session` on `.login()` — useful for one-off debugging on a specific login attempt without flipping the connection-wide flag (which would also record subsequent health checks and reauths).

<CodeGroup>
```typescript TypeScript
const login = await kernel.auth.connections.login(auth.id, {
  record_session: true,
});
```

```python Python
login = await kernel.auth.connections.login(
    auth.id,
    record_session=True,
)
```
</CodeGroup>

> Recordings count toward your replay storage like any other browser replay. Each managed auth session row stores its own `replay_id` for the recording captured during that session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed auth recordings are subject to the same retention rules as other session replay recordings. Each managed auth session row stores its own `replay_id` for the recording captured during that session.
```
